DOCS-5130, DOCS-5170 Log Explorer Search Edits (#17545)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/explorer/search_syntax.md

Clear error states inform you which part of the query contains syntax errors and how to remediate them. For example, if you input the query `service:` with no value, the message "Missing value in key:value pair" is displayed when you hover over the query.

## Escape special characters and spaces

> The following characters are considered special: `+` `-` `=` `&&` `||` `>` `<` `!` `(` `)` `{` `}` `[` `]` `^` `"` `“` `”` `~` `*` `?` `:` `\`, while spaces and `/` require escaping with the `\` character. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following characters are considered special: `+` `-` `=` `&&` `||` `>` `<` `!` `(` `)` `{` `}` `[` `]` `^` `"` `“` `”` `~` `*` `?` `:` `\`, and spaces require escaping with the `\` character. 
```

Reviewer: I believe all special characters _and_ spaces need to be escaped with `\`.

> Instead of searching for special characters in a log message, you can search for special characters when they are inside of an attribute. 

Reviewer: I would still mention that you can't search for special characters, just so it's clear.

Author: ```suggestion
You cannot search for special characters in a log message. You can search for special characters when they are inside of an attribute.
```
